Screen Wake Lock API subedit (#31208)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/wakelocksentinel/type/index.md

{{APIRef("Screen Wake Lock API")}}{{SecureContext_Header}}

The **`type`** read-only property of the {{domxref("WakeLockSentinel")}} interface returns a string representation of the currently acquired {{domxref("WakeLockSentinel")}} type.

## Value

A string representation of the currently acquired wake lock type.

> The type `screen` is a screen wake lock.

Reviewer: Feels to me like you should explain that `screen` is currently the only available value. Maybe

 ```suggestion
Currently, the value is always `screen`, which represents a screen wake lock.
```

?

Author: Absolutely.
